---
title: Apply for business financing for your company | Qeld, part of Qred Bank AB
url: https://www.qeld.nl/en
hostname: qeld.nl
description: Are you looking for business financing between €5,000 and €500,000, hassle-free and fast payout? Qeld will arrange it within 24 hours! Applying for business financing is completely free of charge and without obligation.
sitename: qeld.nl
date: 2025-01-01
---
# Grow Your Business with Qeld

Apply for business financing up to €500,000

Quick and easy application process

Loan paid out within 24 hours

No extra costs in case of early repayment

Apply for business financing up to €500,000

Quick and easy application process

Loan paid out within 24 hours

No extra costs in case of early repayment

Long waiting times, unrealistic credit requirements and a lot of paperwork: As a small entrepreneur, it sometimes seems impossible to find business financing. That's exactly why we created Qeld: just for you, because every entrepreneur, small or big, deserves to be taken seriously!

You can apply online to Qeld within a few minutes. We will process it immediately and you will receive a response from our team within one business day.

Do you have questions? Reassure them! Our team is always ready to help you make the right choice for your business. You can reach us by phone, email or chat.

Your current loan

€68.000

Salary

Suppliers

Inventory

Other

Clarity comes first! There are no start-up or hidden costs with our loans, and you also pay nothing extra in case of early repayment. No surprises, just clear agreements.

4.8 uit 5

Onze beoordeling op Trustpilot bewijst dat snelheid en service allebei mogelijk zijn als je zakelijk wilt lenen. Ontdek waarom al meer dan 50.000 ondernemers kozen voor de flexibele bedrijfsfinanciering van Qeld:

De TrustScore wordt berekend op basis van alle beoordelingen op Trustpilot, waarbij rekening wordt gehouden met actualiteit, kwantiteit en sterrenbeoordeling. Qeld nodigt alle klanten uit om een beoordeling achter te laten.

Whatever your plans are.

Whether you want to grow or just need some breathing space - Qeld is here for you. We make business loans simple, fast and hassle-free.

1 month free

Need a short loan? Then take advantage of our temporary promotion! Choose 6 months and get the first month completely free. Perfect for project financing, absorbing seasonal peaks or a temporary dip.

No binding period

For entrepreneurs who want to speed up. Ideal for immediately replenishing your cash flow, investing in new equipment or absorbing unexpected costs. No paperwork, no waiting time. Just arranged.

Personal service

Big plans? We finance them. With the Business Loan Plus, you get quick access to business finance up to €500,000. No hassle, paid out quickly and always with personal service from your own Account Manager.

Qeld is part of Qred Bank, founded in 2015. By entrepreneurs, for entrepreneurs. Ever since we started, we have not been afraid to challenge the traditional banking system. We do this in our own way: faster and easier. We are now active in seven countries and the market leader in business finance in Scandinavia.

In 2018, we launched our services in the Netherlands. We have already been able to support thousands of Dutch companies with a business loan. Our team understands the unique challenges and needs of entrepreneurs and always thinks along with you. That's why we're extra proud to be one of the highest-rated business lenders on Trustpilot.

0

2015

creation of Qeld

0

000

50

entrepreneurs supported

0

7

markets

Qeld helps companies of all sizes, from ambitious start-ups to established names. Our mission? Give entrepreneurs the financial boost they need quickly so that they can reach their goals even faster. We believe that access to the right business finance should never be an obstacle to success!

Requesting is simple and easy

Loan paid out within 24 hours

Fully redeemable at any time, at no additional cost

Michiel, our Country Manager Netherlands, and his team answered the most common questions:

No items found.

We are there for you on all working days between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m.