---
title: Feedback and Complaints | Qeld
author: Elina Eriksson
url: https://www.qeld.nl/info/feedback-and-complaints-nl
hostname: qeld.nl
description: Qeld always strives to improve its services and products, that is why we welcome - and highly value - all customer feedback. Please submit yours here:
sitename: qeld.nl
date: 2025-01-01
---
Qeld values our customers’ opinions because we always strive to develop and improve our services and customer relations. We want to know what you think and appreciate feedback on how you experience our products, services and customer relations. Your feedback will be reviewed and evaluated by the team responsible for the product or service in question.

Please get in touch with our customer service via the following contact details: email: support@qeld.nl or phone number: 020 - 808 60 84.

Everyone has the right to expect a good service and to have things put right if they go wrong.

If you are dissatisfied, please contact Qeld's customer service in the first instance using the contact details above to give us the chance to resolve any problems or misunderstandings that have arisen. We aim to deal with all complaints promptly, effectively and in a positive manner. We will also ensure that the concerns you raised with us are also used as an opportunity to improve our products and services.

Wherever possible, we will attempt to resolve the matter during your initial contact with Qeld's customer service. If this isn’t possible, or you remain dissatisfied with the outcome offered, please continue to the section below.

If you are dissatisfied with the response you have received from us, we recommend that you send a formal complaint to Qeld's Complaints Officer by using the form here or by email to complaints@qred.com. The Complaints Officer will then, in an impartial, accurate and efficient manner, review the matter thoroughly and make a new assessment.

Your case will be handled either by us via internal escalation at your request, or directly if you choose to proceed with your case via the form or email address provided above.

The written request must contain complete information about the case in order for it to be processed. The Complaints Officer needs to know what happened in your previous contacts with us, a description of why you are not satisfied and how you would like us to resolve your case.

You will receive an answer as soon as a final decision has been made, and no later than 14 business days from submitting your formal complaint. If we are unable to resolve your case within this time limit, we will contact you within the 14 business days with information on why it is taking longer than anticipated, when a response can be expected, and how we will proceed with your complaint. In such a situation, a final decision will be communicated within 35 business days from the date the complaint was received by us.

You will always receive your answer in writing, unless you and Qeld have agreed otherwise.

If your complaint is rejected by Qeld for any reason or if Qeld has not been able to satisfy your request, you have the possibility to have the matter submitted for judgment in a court of law.

Complaints are handled in line with applicable legislation and the regulations and guidance issued by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority and the European Banking Authority.

**I have contacted your customer service but I am still not satisfied with the handling. What should I do to take it further?**

The company has appointed Qred's Customer Operations Manager as Complaints Officer. If you are dissatisfied with the response you received from our customer service, we recommend that you send a request for action to the Qred Complaints Officer by email to complaints@qred.com. The Complaints Officer will then review and reassess the case in the most impartial, thorough and efficient way possible.